Explode this piece of shit for me! What are you going to do?
Are you smart?
Will the emperor who hurts the country command me to take poison?
Iron poison?
How could they be poisoned by iron?
I have secretly replaced your WHO in the past half month
You thought you were the only one delaying time
It's impossible for me, Ji Meisiyan, the imperial palace, not to be able to come in even if you want it.
How could they come in if you dragged them out?
Of course I let it in
Iron cannot come in before taking poison
But how about the Queen opening the door and letting him in?
The feeling of being stabbed by a queen
Not irritating
Not surprising
No surprise at all
Please tell me quickly
Wang Zhen is so grudge against you
Please get rid of this kind of thing.
If Your Majesty has any grudge against me,
It won't put me under other people's suspicion
But thanks
if not
I can’t experience love in this palace either
You guys are having fun
The waiter was shocked
I will kill you with my own hands
Hong Tang can’t wait.
This handsome general is in a state of mental retardation.
In the absence of original troops
within three days
I will stop wearing my royal makeup for three days and three days
It’s really almost enough time
Who runs who books
Not necessarily yet
It's bad, the boss is bad, but it's harmonious
Do you understand that you are still waiting for your time to change the army?
Your Majesty, Your Majesty is not well
Time changes the army
Heaven does not seek His Majesty's will